what's up guys prodigy here bringing you
probably the fastest way to level up in
Dead Rising 3 as you can see from this
screen the game has not even been out
for three days and I'm already level 50
and I almost have all my skills maxed
out I'm gonna be showing you the way I
did it but guys I would really
appreciate if you could leave me a
thumbs up on this video maybe share it
around with anybody that would want to
level up quickly so starting off this is
the exact location you want to come to
because this is where you will find the
most amount of zombies as you can see
there's zombies every motherfucking
where and then right after all you need
to do is bring like two-three weapons
are pretty good to do combos with for
example I'm using the double chains on
each side of a stick and you want to get
your kill count really high so to the
point where each kill was about 200 XP
and once you get your kill count to 200
XP you want to put away your weapon and
start punching the shit out of zombies
literally right after that you simply
want to do your special ability which is
holding the Y and B button at the exact
same time and he'll do some kind of
special ability holding your stick in
any direction will do different kind of
abilities but the one I'm doing is
screen which is the best one to do
because you get so much xp for every
single kill that you kill with the guy
that you're spinning is I believe it's
called the spinning hammer you do it is
by holding Y and B and tapping your left
stick to the right side as soon as you
click Y and B at the exact same time so
I'm just gonna go ahead and fast forward
just to show you how quickly I went up
and level wise I want from level 47 to
50 within just a few minutes but anyways
guys like I mentioned earlier please
leave me a like on this video try to
share it around with anybody that wants
to level up quickly and if you did enjoy
the video please leave a like if you
have any questions leave a comment and
I'll see you guys later peace
[Music]